README.md, before:

# slack-logger

### Packagist

[![Latest Stable Version](https://poser.pugx.org/mathieuimbert/slack-logger/v/stable)](https://packagist.org/packages/mathieuimbert/slack-logger)
[![Latest Unstable Version](https://poser.pugx.org/mathieuimbert/slack-logger/v/unstable)](https://packagist.org/packages/mathieuimbert/slack-logger)
[![Total Downloads](https://poser.pugx.org/mathieuimbert/slack-logger/downloads)](https://packagist.org/packages/mathieuimbert/slack-logger)
[![License](https://poser.pugx.org/mathieuimbert/slack-logger/license)](https://packagist.org/packages/mathieuimbert/slack-logger)

### Unit Tests

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/mathieuimbert/slack-logger.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/mathieuimbert/slack-logger)
[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/mathieuimbert/slack-logger/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://coveralls.io/github/mathieuimbert/slack-logger?branch=master)

## Description

This is a simple package that allow a PHP script to send real time logs to Slack.

## Installation

Installation of Slack Logger is done using [Composer](https://getcomposer.org/).

```
composer require mathieuimbert/slack-logger
```

## Usage ##

- Create an [Incoming Webhook](https://my.slack.com/services/new/incoming-webhook/) for your slack account. Make sure to read the [full documentation](https://api.slack.com/incoming-webhooks)
- Instantiate SlackLogger in your script, and start sending logs to Slack
 
```php
$logger = new \MathieuImbert\Slack\Logger\SlackLogger('https://hooks.slack.com/services/xxxxxxx/xxxxxxx/xxxxxxx');
$logger->warning('This a not test of the emergency broadcast system, this is the real thing');
```

Commit message:

Add a backward incompatibility warning in README

README.md, after:

# slack-logger

### Packagist

[![Latest Stable Version](https://poser.pugx.org/mathieuimbert/slack-logger/v/stable)](https://packagist.org/packages/mathieuimbert/slack-logger)
[![Latest Unstable Version](https://poser.pugx.org/mathieuimbert/slack-logger/v/unstable)](https://packagist.org/packages/mathieuimbert/slack-logger)
[![Total Downloads](https://poser.pugx.org/mathieuimbert/slack-logger/downloads)](https://packagist.org/packages/mathieuimbert/slack-logger)
[![License](https://poser.pugx.org/mathieuimbert/slack-logger/license)](https://packagist.org/packages/mathieuimbert/slack-logger)

### Unit Tests

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/mathieuimbert/slack-logger.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/mathieuimbert/slack-logger)
[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/mathieuimbert/slack-logger/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://coveralls.io/github/mathieuimbert/slack-logger?branch=master)

## Description

This is a simple package that allow a PHP script to send real time logs to Slack.

Please be aware that the repository is still in an early phase, and every new commit might not be backward compatible.

## Installation

Installation of Slack Logger is done using [Composer](https://getcomposer.org/).

```
composer require mathieuimbert/slack-logger
```

## Usage ##

- Create an [Incoming Webhook](https://my.slack.com/services/new/incoming-webhook/) for your slack account. Make sure to read the [full documentation](https://api.slack.com/incoming-webhooks)
- Instantiate SlackLogger in your script, and start sending logs to Slack
 
```php
$logger = new \MathieuImbert\Slack\Logger\SlackLogger('https://hooks.slack.com/services/xxxxxxx/xxxxxxx/xxxxxxx');
$logger->warning('This a not test of the emergency broadcast system, this is the real thing');
```
